# Meeting Notes - 9 Oct 2018

Attendees
=========

* Chris Holdgraf
* Leah Wasser
* Max Joseph
* Carson Farmer

Agenda Items
============

* Getting reviewers could be hard - we may need to take advantage of people we know and reach out to people strategically and individually at the beginning. 
* Propose Session at scipy -- on reviewing packages??
    * We could have one done and one do live??
    * We could also demonstrate what’s been done already - ie the prototype of the organization. Some data we’ve collected and next steps then a call to action for people to get involved
* Chris has some colleagues
    * Scikit image guy
    * Fernando
* Community Survey
    * Questions - Community 
        * What do they do (the community) to evaluate the usefulness of a package?
        * How do they find packages?
        * What packages are they using most commonly for:
            * Spatial data
            * Plotting
            * Etc??
        * What are the biggest challenges you face using python to work with scientific data?
    * Questions - software devs
        * What are the biggest challenges developing open source python tools?
        * Would you accept help from community members?
            * What are the biggest challenges in managing bugs, issues, etc, of the tools?
            * If curriculum were developed around contributing to open source - what would you want people to know / learn? 
* Funding
    * Numfocus
    * Other institutes like BIDS?
    * CU / Earthlab is providing seed funding here. 
* Chris  - paper on documentation??
    * Can we get a link to this!! It could be a great place to start for lit review!! https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs10606-018-9333-1
* How do you incentivize universities to contribute where no one can own it? 
* Baking in institutional diversity early on - reaching out to key players, numpy, etc.
